EN-README.md, before:

# LostHorizon  

[🇫🇷 Version française](https://github.com/malicaeus/LostHorizon/blob/main/README.md) | [🇺🇸 English version](https://github.com/malicaeus/LostHorizon/blob/main/EN-README.md)

![Minecraft Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-1.21.4-blue)  
![Mod Loader](https://img.shields.io/badge/Forge/NeoForge-FML-orange)  
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/malicaeus/LostHorizon)  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/malicaeus/LostHorizon/blob/main/losthorizon.png" alt="LostHorizon Banner" width="40%">
</p>

## 🧭 About

**LostHorizon** is a Minecraft mod designed to enrich the survival experience without altering the spirit of the game. It combines exploration, magic, ancient technology, and RPG immersion through a multitude of new content: enchantments, ores, structures, equipment, and custom mechanics.

---

## 🧪 Mod Content

### 🧙‍♂️ Enchantments
- **Veil Of Shadow**: Makes you invisible and stealthy when sneaking in low light.
- **Magnetism**: Attracts items around you, with increasing range based on level.
- **Lunar Grace**: Provides a speed bonus and allows you to see at night.
- **Bloodlust**: Restores 1/2 (per level) heart of health for each kill, but the weapon degrades twice as fast.
- **Dimensional Step**: Allows you to perform double/triple jumps. Height varies according to level.

### ✨ Potions
- **Furtivity**: Increases speed in sneak mode.
- **Fire**: Sets touched entities on fire.

### 🧱 Ores
- **Basalt Obsidian** *(Nether)*: Solid and dark.
- **Onyx** *(Nether)*: Perfect for vicious weapons.
- **Runite** *(Overworld)*: Provides powerful equipment with random effects (slowness, explosion...).
- **Mythril** *(Overworld)*: Speed bonus with complete armor. Combined with gold → **Mythril Enchanted** (excellent enchantability).
- **Starry jade** (layer 100-200): Gives you star jade. A useful gem for making rings.

### 🛠️ Items and Tools
- **Anchor Totem**: Sets your home, allows teleportation back.
- **Technoblade Totem**: Saves you from death while playing a tribute to Technoblade 🐷👑.
- **Climbing Pick**: Climb walls naturally.
- **Backpack**: Adds 9 to 15 inventory slots.
- **Basalt Edge**: Sword that deals fire damage.
- **Lantern Shield**: Shield that automatically illuminates in low light.
- **Totem of the Moon**: Night vision + stealth for 2 minutes.
- **Knife & Onyx Knife**: Throwing knives (onyx inflicts Wither).
- **Frostbite Dagger**: Slows the target and creates snow particles.
- **Trap**: Trap that deals damage when stepped on.
- **Necromancer's Grimoire**: When held in the off-hand, it increases max health from 20 to 22 hearts.
- **Ring infuser**: Block used to give powers to rings (gold or iron) by infusing a gem (ice crystal, mythril or onyx).
- **Destiny Dice**: A die that gives a random effect for 10 seconds. The cooldown is 1 minute.
- **Heart Activator**: Mystical object used to activate Shrines.
- **Link Dagger**: Weapon needed to harvest the souls of the Linked.
- **Heart of Link**: Rare item donated by the Heart Guardian on his death. Necessary for infusing rings.

### ✴️ Stellar Artifacts  
- **Aether Heart**: Rare off-hand item. Grants 2 absorption hearts when HP drops below 4. Cooldown: 90s.  
- **Shard of the Void**: Instantly teleports you 8 blocks forward in your look direction. Cooldown: 60s.  
- **Solar Feather**: Grants fire damage immunity. Applies Fire Resistance I when burning. Cooldown: 30s.  
- **Eye of Hyperion**: Reveals nearby invisible entities and grants Night Vision. Cooldown: 45s.

### 🌕 Relics of the Eclipse
- Eclipse Blade : Celestial blade slicing through the shadow.
- Moonbell : Mystical bell with lunar effects.

### 💍 Infused Rings and Gems

The **Ring Infuser** allows you to combine **gold or silver rings** with **mystical gems**. Each combination grants unique effects to the player, balanced with a drawback. To infuse a ring, you also need a Heart of Link. This makes the process more strategic, and rewards players who dare to challenge the Heart Guardian.

----------

#### ❄️ Ice Crystal – Magical Frost Gem

**💍 Gold ring infused with an Ice Crystal**  
Effects:

-   **Speed I** for 15 seconds every 60 seconds
    
-   **Fire Resistance I** for 10 seconds every 60 seconds
    

**💍 Iron ring infused with an Ice Crystal**  
Effects:

-   Applies **Slowness I** to enemies within a 10-block radius for 5 seconds every 20 seconds
    
-   **Resistance I** for 10 seconds when HP is below 8 hearts
    
----------

#### 🍀 **Starry Jade** - Gem of astral luck

**💍 Gold ring infused with Starry Jade**  
Effects:

- 20% chance to gain **Regeneration I** for 5 seconds after being hit.
    
- **Luck I** temporary (30 seconds) after killing a mob
    
- ⚠️ **Weakness I** for 5 seconds when you break an ore

**💍 Silver ring infused with Starry Jade**  
Effects:

- 25% chance to receive **Resistance I** for 10 seconds when HP drops below 5 hearts.
    
- **Luck I** for 30 seconds every 90 seconds
    
- ⚠️ **No effect** if the player is wearing another ring

----------

#### 🌿 Emerald – Nature Gem

**💍 Gold Ring infused with an Emerald**

Effects:

-   **Regeneration I** for 5 seconds every 60 seconds

-   **Resistance I** in forest-type biomes

-   ⚠️ Suffers **Weakness I** in the Nether  

**💍 Iron Ring infused with an Emerald**

Effects:

-   Applies **Poison I** to attacked enemies if the player is in a forest-type biome

-   Slows nearby hostile mobs (**Slowness I** within a 5-block radius)

-   ⚠️ **Slowness I** in barren biomes (desert, Nether)

----------

#### 🖤 Onyx – Dark and Devious Gem

**💍 Gold ring infused with Onyx**  
Effects:

-   Inflicts **Wither I** on hit enemies for 4 seconds
    
-   **Speed I** for 5 seconds after each kill
    
-   ⚠️ Automatically loses **½ heart every 45 seconds** (corruption)
    

**💍 Iron ring infused with Onyx**  
Effects:

-   **Invisibility** for 3 seconds when sneaking in darkness
    
-   **Resistance I** at night
    
-   ⚠️ **Slowness I** in daylight
    

----------

#### 🪙 Mythril – Gem of Speed and Balance

**💍 Gold ring infused with Mythril**  
Effects:

-   **Haste II** and **Speed I** while sprinting
    
-   **Jump Boost I** for 8 seconds after taking damage
    
-   ⚠️ Increased **Hunger** while sprinting (Hunger I)
    

**💍 Iron ring infused with Mythril**  
Effects:

-   **Knockback Resistance**
    
-   **Slow Falling** while falling
    
-   ⚠️ Permanent **Slowness I**

### 👹 Bosses

#### 🧙‍♂️ Necromancer

- Boss summoned by destroying the Grimoire (block).
- Uses melee attacks, fireballs, and can heal during combat.

#### 🛡️ Crypt Guardian

- Neutral by default, attacks only when provoked.
- Capable of melee attacks and using offensive potions.

### 👨‍🌾 Villager Professions

**LostHorizon** introduces new immersive villager professions related to the mod's themes (magic, exploration, forgotten technology...). These villagers add an RPG dimension and allow access to unique or rare items through trade.

#### 🧟‍♂️ Necromancer

-   **Profession Block**: Onyx Ore
-   **Trades** (examples, depending on level):
    -   💀 8 Onyx → 3 Onyx Knives
    -   👻 3 Ice Crystals + 1 Totem of Undying → 1 Totem of the Moon
    -   ⚔️ 5 Basalt Obsidian Ores → 1 Basalt Edge

#### ⚔️ Hunter

-   **Profession Block**: Trap
-   **Trades** (examples, depending on level):
    -   16 Arrows → 2 Emeralds
    -   1 Emerald → 1 Trap
    -   ⚔️ 3 Emeralds + 2 Iron Ingots → 3 Knives

### 🌿 Biomes

**LostHorizon** also introduces mystical **biomes** with their own atmosphere, resources and ambience.

#### ✨ Enchanted Forest

A magical, mysterious biome bathed in supernatural light and populated by luminescent vegetation.

- **Magic Wood**: Used to make stairs, slabs, buttons, pressure plates, etc.
    
- **Luminous Berries**: Rare fruit that regenerates life and gives night vision.
    
- **Enchanted Blossom**: Can be used in suspicious soup to obtain night vision.
    
- **Unique Ambiance**: Coloured fog, shimmering particles and glowing vegetation.
    

> Many other biomes are in development, each with its own secrets, unique resources and gameplay mechanics.

### 🏠 Generated Structures
- **Fisherman Hut**: Small cabin next to rivers (normal or frozen).
- **Explorer's Hideout**: Medium structure, shelter of a missing adventurer.
- **Mushroom House**: Mystical house in dark forests, swamps, or giant mushroom biomes.
- **Ice Tower**: Mysterious icy tower full of secrets.
- **Crypt**: Rare and dangerous structure containing precious loot.
- **Stone Ritual**: A structure containing loot and a ring infuser, found in the Enchanted Forest biome.
- **Shrine**: A mysterious sanctuary found in certain remote areas of the world.
By clicking on the central block with a Heart Activator, you summon 4 Linked, aggressive creatures linked to ancient magic. If you kill them with the Link Dagger, you get their souls back.
Once you've collected 4 souls, an event is triggered...

### 🧭 Useful Commands
- `/sethome`: Sets your home position.
- `/home`: Teleports you to your defined home.

---

## 🛠️ Installation

1. Download [NeoForge](https://neoforge.net/) (compatible with your Minecraft version).
2. Place the **LostHorizon** `.jar` file in the `mods` folder.
3. Launch Minecraft, explore... and discover the mysteries of the lost horizon!

---

## 📸 Screenshots
> *No images yet*

---

## 💬 Contribution

Got ideas? Suggestions? Bugs to report?
> Open an issue or make a pull request — all contributions are welcome!

---

## 📜 Acknowledgements

- 🐷 **Technoblade** – for the totem inspiration.
- 👑 You, curious player, for downloading this mod.
- ☕ And all those who love to explore, craft, and dream in Minecraft.

---

## 🔮 Coming Soon

- New mystical biomes
- Random dungeons
- Advanced quest system
- More interactions between items and the environment
- And much more...

> *LostHorizon is just the beginning of an infinite adventure.*

---

## 📜 License

This mod is distributed under the **GNU GPL v3.0** license.  
You are free to:
- Use
- Modify
- Redistribute
- Study the code

As long as you respect the terms of the [GPL 3.0 license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

---

## 🧠 Author

Developed by **Malicaeus** 
🧪 Passionate about science, code, and digital mysticism.

---

⭐ If you like the mod, consider giving a ⭐ on GitHub to support the project!

---
🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/malicaeus/LostHorizon) | 🏗️ Under development | 🎮 Compatible with NeoForge

Commit message:

Update EN-README with new relics and Dark Blaze
Added new relics and a new enemy to the README.

EN-README.md, after:

# LostHorizon  

[🇫🇷 Version française](https://github.com/malicaeus/LostHorizon/blob/main/README.md) | [🇺🇸 English version](https://github.com/malicaeus/LostHorizon/blob/main/EN-README.md)

![Minecraft Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-1.21.4-blue)  
![Mod Loader](https://img.shields.io/badge/Forge/NeoForge-FML-orange)  
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/malicaeus/LostHorizon)  

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/malicaeus/LostHorizon/blob/main/losthorizon.png" alt="LostHorizon Banner" width="40%">
</p>

## 🧭 About

**LostHorizon** is a Minecraft mod designed to enrich the survival experience without altering the spirit of the game. It combines exploration, magic, ancient technology, and RPG immersion through a multitude of new content: enchantments, ores, structures, equipment, and custom mechanics.

---

## 🧪 Mod Content

### 🧙‍♂️ Enchantments
- **Veil Of Shadow**: Makes you invisible and stealthy when sneaking in low light.
- **Magnetism**: Attracts items around you, with increasing range based on level.
- **Lunar Grace**: Provides a speed bonus and allows you to see at night.
- **Bloodlust**: Restores 1/2 (per level) heart of health for each kill, but the weapon degrades twice as fast.
- **Dimensional Step**: Allows you to perform double/triple jumps. Height varies according to level.

### ✨ Potions
- **Furtivity**: Increases speed in sneak mode.
- **Fire**: Sets touched entities on fire.

### 🧱 Ores
- **Basalt Obsidian** *(Nether)*: Solid and dark.
- **Onyx** *(Nether)*: Perfect for vicious weapons.
- **Runite** *(Overworld)*: Provides powerful equipment with random effects (slowness, explosion...).
- **Mythril** *(Overworld)*: Speed bonus with complete armor. Combined with gold → **Mythril Enchanted** (excellent enchantability).
- **Starry jade** (layer 100-200): Gives you star jade. A useful gem for making rings.

### 🛠️ Items and Tools
- **Anchor Totem**: Sets your home, allows teleportation back.
- **Technoblade Totem**: Saves you from death while playing a tribute to Technoblade 🐷👑.
- **Climbing Pick**: Climb walls naturally.
- **Backpack**: Adds 9 to 15 inventory slots.
- **Basalt Edge**: Sword that deals fire damage.
- **Lantern Shield**: Shield that automatically illuminates in low light.
- **Totem of the Moon**: Night vision + stealth for 2 minutes.
- **Knife & Onyx Knife**: Throwing knives (onyx inflicts Wither).
- **Frostbite Dagger**: Slows the target and creates snow particles.
- **Trap**: Trap that deals damage when stepped on.
- **Necromancer's Grimoire**: When held in the off-hand, it increases max health from 20 to 22 hearts.
- **Ring infuser**: Block used to give powers to rings (gold or iron) by infusing a gem (ice crystal, mythril or onyx).
- **Destiny Dice**: A die that gives a random effect for 10 seconds. The cooldown is 1 minute.
- **Heart Activator**: Mystical object used to activate Shrines.
- **Link Dagger**: Weapon needed to harvest the souls of the Linked.
- **Heart of Link**: Rare item donated by the Heart Guardian on his death. Necessary for infusing rings.

### ✴️ Stellar Artifacts  
- **Aether Heart**: Rare off-hand item. Grants 2 absorption hearts when HP drops below 4. Cooldown: 90s.  
- **Shard of the Void**: Instantly teleports you 8 blocks forward in your look direction. Cooldown: 60s.  
- **Solar Feather**: Grants fire damage immunity. Applies Fire Resistance I when burning. Cooldown: 30s.  
- **Eye of Hyperion**: Reveals nearby invisible entities and grants Night Vision. Cooldown: 45s.

### 🌕 Relics of the Eclipse
- **Eclipse Blade** : Celestial blade slicing through the shadow.
- **Moonbell** : Mystical bell with lunar effects.
- **Ash of Dawn** : A burning relic dropped by the **Dark Blaze**.
- **Lunar Sword** : Forged beneath the full moon, this astral blade reveals what hides in shadow.

### 💍 Infused Rings and Gems

The **Ring Infuser** allows you to combine **gold or silver rings** with **mystical gems**. Each combination grants unique effects to the player, balanced with a drawback. To infuse a ring, you also need a Heart of Link. This makes the process more strategic, and rewards players who dare to challenge the Heart Guardian.

----------

#### ❄️ Ice Crystal – Magical Frost Gem

**💍 Gold ring infused with an Ice Crystal**  
Effects:

-   **Speed I** for 15 seconds every 60 seconds
    
-   **Fire Resistance I** for 10 seconds every 60 seconds
    

**💍 Iron ring infused with an Ice Crystal**  
Effects:

-   Applies **Slowness I** to enemies within a 10-block radius for 5 seconds every 20 seconds
    
-   **Resistance I** for 10 seconds when HP is below 8 hearts
    
----------

#### 🍀 **Starry Jade** - Gem of astral luck

**💍 Gold ring infused with Starry Jade**  
Effects:

- 20% chance to gain **Regeneration I** for 5 seconds after being hit.
    
- **Luck I** temporary (30 seconds) after killing a mob
    
- ⚠️ **Weakness I** for 5 seconds when you break an ore

**💍 Silver ring infused with Starry Jade**  
Effects:

- 25% chance to receive **Resistance I** for 10 seconds when HP drops below 5 hearts.
    
- **Luck I** for 30 seconds every 90 seconds
    
- ⚠️ **No effect** if the player is wearing another ring

----------

#### 🌿 Emerald – Nature Gem

**💍 Gold Ring infused with an Emerald**

Effects:

-   **Regeneration I** for 5 seconds every 60 seconds

-   **Resistance I** in forest-type biomes

-   ⚠️ Suffers **Weakness I** in the Nether  

**💍 Iron Ring infused with an Emerald**

Effects:

-   Applies **Poison I** to attacked enemies if the player is in a forest-type biome

-   Slows nearby hostile mobs (**Slowness I** within a 5-block radius)

-   ⚠️ **Slowness I** in barren biomes (desert, Nether)

----------

#### 🖤 Onyx – Dark and Devious Gem

**💍 Gold ring infused with Onyx**  
Effects:

-   Inflicts **Wither I** on hit enemies for 4 seconds
    
-   **Speed I** for 5 seconds after each kill
    
-   ⚠️ Automatically loses **½ heart every 45 seconds** (corruption)
    

**💍 Iron ring infused with Onyx**  
Effects:

-   **Invisibility** for 3 seconds when sneaking in darkness
    
-   **Resistance I** at night
    
-   ⚠️ **Slowness I** in daylight
    

----------

#### 🪙 Mythril – Gem of Speed and Balance

**💍 Gold ring infused with Mythril**  
Effects:

-   **Haste II** and **Speed I** while sprinting
    
-   **Jump Boost I** for 8 seconds after taking damage
    
-   ⚠️ Increased **Hunger** while sprinting (Hunger I)
    

**💍 Iron ring infused with Mythril**  
Effects:

-   **Knockback Resistance**
    
-   **Slow Falling** while falling
    
-   ⚠️ Permanent **Slowness I**

### 👹 Bosses

#### 🧙‍♂️ Necromancer

- Boss summoned by destroying the Grimoire (block).
- Uses melee attacks, fireballs, and can heal during combat.

#### 🛡️ Crypt Guardian

- Neutral by default, attacks only when provoked.
- Capable of melee attacks and using offensive potions.

#### 👹 Dark Blaze

A rare, variant of the Blaze.  
- Spawns in the Nether, usually **in small groups (1–2)**.  
- Drops **Ash of Dawn** upon death.

### 👨‍🌾 Villager Professions

**LostHorizon** introduces new immersive villager professions related to the mod's themes (magic, exploration, forgotten technology...). These villagers add an RPG dimension and allow access to unique or rare items through trade.

#### 🧟‍♂️ Necromancer

-   **Profession Block**: Onyx Ore
-   **Trades** (examples, depending on level):
    -   💀 8 Onyx → 3 Onyx Knives
    -   👻 3 Ice Crystals + 1 Totem of Undying → 1 Totem of the Moon
    -   ⚔️ 5 Basalt Obsidian Ores → 1 Basalt Edge

#### ⚔️ Hunter

-   **Profession Block**: Trap
-   **Trades** (examples, depending on level):
    -   16 Arrows → 2 Emeralds
    -   1 Emerald → 1 Trap
    -   ⚔️ 3 Emeralds + 2 Iron Ingots → 3 Knives

### 🌿 Biomes

**LostHorizon** also introduces mystical **biomes** with their own atmosphere, resources and ambience.

#### ✨ Enchanted Forest

A magical, mysterious biome bathed in supernatural light and populated by luminescent vegetation.

- **Magic Wood**: Used to make stairs, slabs, buttons, pressure plates, etc.
    
- **Luminous Berries**: Rare fruit that regenerates life and gives night vision.
    
- **Enchanted Blossom**: Can be used in suspicious soup to obtain night vision.
    
- **Unique Ambiance**: Coloured fog, shimmering particles and glowing vegetation.
    

> Many other biomes are in development, each with its own secrets, unique resources and gameplay mechanics.

### 🏠 Generated Structures
- **Fisherman Hut**: Small cabin next to rivers (normal or frozen).
- **Explorer's Hideout**: Medium structure, shelter of a missing adventurer.
- **Mushroom House**: Mystical house in dark forests, swamps, or giant mushroom biomes.
- **Ice Tower**: Mysterious icy tower full of secrets.
- **Crypt**: Rare and dangerous structure containing precious loot.
- **Stone Ritual**: A structure containing loot and a ring infuser, found in the Enchanted Forest biome.
- **Shrine**: A mysterious sanctuary found in certain remote areas of the world.
By clicking on the central block with a Heart Activator, you summon 4 Linked, aggressive creatures linked to ancient magic. If you kill them with the Link Dagger, you get their souls back.
Once you've collected 4 souls, an event is triggered...

### 🧭 Useful Commands
- `/sethome`: Sets your home position.
- `/home`: Teleports you to your defined home.

---

## 🛠️ Installation

1. Download [NeoForge](https://neoforge.net/) (compatible with your Minecraft version).
2. Place the **LostHorizon** `.jar` file in the `mods` folder.
3. Launch Minecraft, explore... and discover the mysteries of the lost horizon!

---

## 📸 Screenshots
> *No images yet*

---

## 💬 Contribution

Got ideas? Suggestions? Bugs to report?
> Open an issue or make a pull request — all contributions are welcome!

---

## 📜 Acknowledgements

- 🐷 **Technoblade** – for the totem inspiration.
- 👑 You, curious player, for downloading this mod.
- ☕ And all those who love to explore, craft, and dream in Minecraft.

---

## 🔮 Coming Soon

- New mystical biomes
- Random dungeons
- Advanced quest system
- More interactions between items and the environment
- And much more...

> *LostHorizon is just the beginning of an infinite adventure.*

---

## 📜 License

This mod is distributed under the **GNU GPL v3.0** license.  
You are free to:
- Use
- Modify
- Redistribute
- Study the code

As long as you respect the terms of the [GPL 3.0 license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

---

## 🧠 Author

Developed by **Malicaeus** 
🧪 Passionate about science, code, and digital mysticism.

---

⭐ If you like the mod, consider giving a ⭐ on GitHub to support the project!

---
🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/malicaeus/LostHorizon) | 🏗️ Under development | 🎮 Compatible with NeoForge
